i14 resolved - added collaboration details to readme.md (#28)
Northeastern-Electric-Racing/NER-PM-Dashboard: README.md

Northeastern Electric Racing Project Management Dashboard

> ### Some helpful steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
### Contributor Guide:
```

> - Installing the project for the first time:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- First-Time Project Installation:
	- Alternative: Follow standard Github repository cloning steps via CLI or GUI
```

> 	- Make a folder somewhere (note this is not the NER dashboard parent directory. That directory will be placed inside the one you create)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- Decide which folder you would like to place the NER-PM-Dashboard folder in
```

> 	- Open a terminal in the folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- Open your Command Line Interface tool of choice in the folder (e.g. Terminal for Mac, Command Prompt for Windows)
```

> 	- Type `git clone https://github.com/Northeastern-Electric-Racing/NER-PM-Dashboard`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- Use the `git clone [repo link]` command as such: `git clone https://github.com/Northeastern-Electric-Racing/NER-PM-Dashboard.git`
```

> 	- Now enter the directory by typing `cd NER-PM-Dashboard`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- Now navigate to the directory by typing `cd NER-PM-Dashboard`
```

- To create an issue (or suggest features):
	- Open the github URL online
	- Go to the issues tab and click add new issue

> 	- Give it a name that gives the reader an idea of whats going on. Save all detailed info for the description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- Give it a name that gives the reader an idea of whats going on. Names should follow this format: `[Page or "General"] - [Description]`. Save all detailed info for the description.
```

	- On the right hand coloumn add labels to your issue to categorise it meaningfully
	- Add it to board_1 **To Do** initially.

> 	- When you are ready to work on the issue, assign yourself to it and then move it to the **In Progress** board

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Creating branches:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Creating a Branch:
```

	- In the NER-PM folder on your computer open a terminal window

> 	- Type `git branch __name of branch__`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- Type `git branch [name of branch]`
```

> 	- By convention, your branch should contain your username to make it easier to track development progress and pull requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- Branches should follow this format: `i[issue #]-[contributor name]`. (e.g. `i18-james`)
```

	- They type `git push` to push your branch to the repo
	- If you have been working on your branch for a while and the main repo has changed, type `git pull --rebase` to sync those changes to your branch

> 	- If you close the terminal window and reopen it, you will be put back onto the master branch by default. This will give errors when trying to push so use `git switch __name of branch__` to switch back to your branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- If you close the terminal window and reopen it, you will be put back onto the master branch by default. This will give errors when trying to push so use `git switch [name of branch]` to switch back to your branch
```

- Good coding practices:

> 	- Add meaningful comments in the JSDoc style. See line #10 here: https://github.com/Northeastern-Electric-Racing/NER-PM-Dashboard/blob/master/Code_CovidFabForm.js as an example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- Add meaningful comments in the JSDoc style. [See line #10 of this code as an example](https://github.com/Northeastern-Electric-Racing/NER-PM-Dashboard/blob/master/Code_CovidFabForm.js)
```

	- If you see that the rest of the code follows a pattern, say a pattern of how functions are laid out, then try to stick to this pattern to improve code uniformity

- Creating commits:
	- Commits are essentially the Cmd+S of github. As such, its useful to save your work often

> 	- Type `git commit -a -m __message here__` to commit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- Type `git commit -a -m [message here]` to commit
```

> 	- Style your message in the format: __i-issue number__ - __change made__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- Style your message in the format: `i[issue number] - [description of changes made]`
```

Northeastern Electric Racing Project Management Dashboard

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Any and all questions should be directed to @Northeastern-Electric-Racing/pm-dashboard or @jamescd18 **
---
```

### Contributor guide:
- First time project installation:
	- Decide which folder you would like to place the NER-PM-Dashboard folder in
	- Open your Command Line Interface tool of choice in the folder (e.g. Terminal for Mac, Command Prompt for Windows)
	- Use the `git clone [repo link]` command as such: `git clone https://github.com/Northeastern-Electric-Racing/NER-PM-Dashboard.git`
	- Now navigate to the directory by typing `cd NER-PM-Dashboard`

- To create an issue (or suggest a feature):
	- Open the github URL online
	- Go to the issues tab and click add new issue
	- Give it a name that gives the reader an idea of whats going on. Names should follow this format: `[Page or "General"] - [Description]`. Save all detailed info for the description

> 	- The naming convention is as follows: `[page on site changed] - [name of change]`. (e.g. Gantt - Restyle & Move the "View Full Gantt" Button)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- The naming convention is as follows: `[page on site changed] - [name of change]`. (e.g. `Gantt - Restyle & Move the "View Full Gantt" Button` or `General - Resize Page Content Boxes`)
```

	- On the right hand coloumn add labels to your issue to categorise it meaningfully
	- Add it to board_1 **To Do** initially.

- Creating a branch:
	- In the NER-PM folder on your computer open a terminal window
	- Type `git branch [name of branch]`
	- Branches should follow this format: `i[issue #]-[contributor name]`. (e.g. `i18-james`)
	- They type `git push` to push your branch to the repo. If this throws an error `fatal: The current branch i12-rahul has no upstream branch` type `git push --set-upstream origin [name of branch]` and then `git push`
	- If you have been working on your branch for a while and the main repo has changed, type `git pull --rebase` to sync those changes to your branch
	- If you close the terminal window and reopen it, you will be put back onto the master branch by default. This will give errors when trying to push so use `git switch [name of branch]` to switch back to your branch

- Good coding practices:

> 	- Add meaningful comments in the JSDoc style. [See line #10 of this code as an example](https://github.com/Northeastern-Electric-Racing/NER-PM-Dashboard/blob/master/Code_CovidFabForm.js)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- Add meaningful comments in the JSDoc style. [See line #10 of this code as an example](https://github.com/Northeastern-Electric-Racing/NER-PM-Dashboard/blob/master/server-code/CovidFabForm.js)
```

Author: For this should I keep the link or insert an image of the JSDoc from that file here so that people do not need to click into another file to look at JSDoc examples?

Reviewer: Let's keep it as a link

> 	- If you see that the rest of the code follows a pattern, say a pattern of how functions are laid out, then try to stick to this pattern to improve code uniformity
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- If you see that the rest of the code follows a pattern, say a pattern of how functions are laid out, then try to stick to this pattern to improve code uniformity
	- Generally it is good practice to follow the mantra: One Function, One Job. Utilizing helper functions / methods can assist with this.

```

- Creating commits:
	- Commits are essentially the Cmd+S of github. As such, its useful to save your work often
	- Type `git commit -a -m [message]` to commit

> 	- Style your message in the format: `i[issue number] - [description of changes made]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- Style your message in the format: `i[issue number] - [description of changes made]` (e.g. `i18 - fixed typo in variable name`)
```

> - To test code using /dev:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To run and check code in the Google runtime environment:
```

	- Make sure you have clasp installed and working
	- Login to clasp using `clasp login` and using your @husky.neu.edu email address
	- **IMPORTANT** ALWAYS inform the pm_dashboard before pushing to clasp. ALSO you are able to access PRODUCTION data so be careful what you upload
	- Now in the terminal type `clasp push` to push your changes to the server

> 	- Visit https://script.google.com/a/husky.neu.edu/macros/s/AKfycbxKI0iW8IzmKZzaE9zFec-p10aHNK1X4nxWv9H8XA75/dev to test your application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- Visit the dev URL to check your version of the application and ensure your updates are working properly
```

	- When all is good, push your code to your branch

- Creating a pull request:

> 	- Now that your code is tested, you can create a pull request by going to pull requests on the repo and clicking new pull request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- Now that you have checked your code, you can create a pull request by going to pull requests on the repo and clicking new pull request
```

> 	- Give it a title of the form `i[issue number] - [change made]` (e.g. `i14 resolved - added collaboration details to readme.md`) and an optional description and then click create pull request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- Give it a title of the form `i[issue number] - [change made]` (e.g. `i14 - added collaboration details to readme.md`) and an optional description and then click create pull request
```

	- All pull requests need atleast 1 review so on the right coloumn select __jamescd18__ to request for a review
	- Also, link at least 1 issue that you are trying to solve with the pull request so that we can keep track of which issues are being worked on better
	- If a change needs to be made in your branch after a pull request is opened, simply add a new commit and this will update the pull request as well

- Deploy to production server:

> 	- ??

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- TBD
```
